Add Orchestration Section (#21)
TempleEight/temple-docs: TempleEight/docs/guide/orchestration.md

It specifies, for each service, which Docker image should be used in the container, any volume mounts, and environment variables needed.
It also defines networking, allowing certain services to speak to others (for example, only one service should be able to communicate with each database).

`kong/configure-kong.sh` is a script that is ran once the docker-compose infrastructure is running.
It sends a series of `cURL` requests to the `Kong` API gateway which configures it to route requests it receives to the correct service, and to deal with any authentication required
(see the [Authentication](authentication) Guide, and the [Kong Documentation](https://docs.konghq.com/2.0.x/getting-started/quickstart/)).

Finally the `deploy.sh` script is a shell script to automate starting your application.
This file performs all of the steps needed to get everything running correctly, including runnning the `configure-kong.sh` script and setting the `$KONG_ENTRY` and `$KONG_ADMIN` environment variables.
In order for these variables to remain set for the remainder of your terminal session, it needs to be run with the `source` command.

> Assuming you have the Docker daemon up and running, lets spin up our application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assuming you have the Docker daemon up and running, let's spin up our application:
```

```shell 
❯❯❯ source deploy.sh
```

A lot of output will be presented, detailing each step of the deployment process, and any errors that occurred. 

Verify the system was configured correctly by checking the environment variables:

```shell
❯❯❯ echo $KONG_ENTRY 
localhost:8000

❯❯❯ echo $KONG_ADMIN
localhost:8001
```

At this point, you're free to make requests to your services.
In order to access them, address requests to Kong's ingress URL: `$KONG_ENTRY/api/{service-name}/{entity-id}` and Kong will forward the request to the right place.

Once you are finished with your infrastructure, everything can be cleanly shut down with:

```shell
❯❯❯ docker-compose down
```

## Kubernetes

Another common framework for orchestrating services is [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/)(kube, k8s). 
It's a more heavyweight tool than Docker Compose, but has much more mature features and is generally seen as more 'production grade'.

By changing the `#provider` annotation in a Templefile's project block to read `#provider(kubernetes)`, 

> Temple will generate the required config to run your services in k8s. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Temple will generate the required config to run your services in K8s. 
```

> Changing the `example.temple` file from the [Getting Started](../getting-started) guide to use this `#provider` annotation and generating,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changing the `example.temple` file from the [Getting Started](../getting-started) guide to use this `#provider` annotation and then regenerating the project,
```

> the configuration files generated are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
results in the following configuration files:
```

```shell
.
├── deploy.sh
├── kong
│   └── configure-kong.sh
├── kube
│   ├── deploy
│   │   ├── deploy-daemon-set.yaml
│   │   ├── deploy-replication-controller.yaml
│   │   └── deploy-service.yaml
│   ├── example-service
│   │   ├── db-deployment.yaml
│   │   ├── db-service.yaml
│   │   ├── db-storage.yaml
│   │   ├── deployment.yaml
│   │   └── service.yaml
│   └── kong
│       ├── kong-db-deployment.yaml
│       ├── kong-db-service.yaml
│       ├── kong-deployment.yaml
│       ├── kong-migration-job.yaml
│       └── kong-service.yaml
└── push-image.sh
```

As you can see, there are a lot more files generated here than for Docker Compose.

The `deploy.sh` and `configure-kong.sh` scripts serve the same purpose here as they do in the Docker Compose example, 
although the mechanisms used to achieve this are different.

The `push-image.sh` script builds Docker images from each service generated in your project.

> Since Kubernetes requires all images used in your system to be hosted in a [Docker Registry](https://docs.docker.com/registry/), Temple's Kubernetes infrastructure features it's own registry, hosted in the cluster itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Kubernetes requires all images used in your system to be hosted in a [Docker Registry](https://docs.docker.com/registry/), Temple's Kubernetes infrastructure features its own registry, hosted in the cluster itself.
```

This script pushes all of the built images to this registry for K8s to use.

> The aforementioned registry has it's configuration files in the `kube/deploy` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The aforementioned registry has its configuration files in the `kube/deploy` directory.
```

title: Orchestration
sidebar_label: Orchestration
---
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

> With distributed systems, equally important as the application is the way that it's orchestrated. 

Reviewer: I don't think this makes sense?

Temple provides several industry standards methods of automatically deploying your services.

> ## Templefile Changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Adding Orchestration to your Templefile
```

Orchestrating your project automatically requires only a single line of code in your Templefile.
Working from the example in the [Getting Started](../getting-started) guide:

> ```templefile {4}

Reviewer: Specific line highlighting, jazzy eh

ExampleProject: project {
  #language(go);
  #database(postgres);
  #provider(dockerCompose);
}

ExampleService: service {
  foo: string;
  bar: int;
}
```
We can see here that the Templefile features a `#provider` annotation in the project block.
This is how we specify that our project uses orchestration, the name in the argument specifies which framework we are generating for.

The currently supported frameworks are:

* Docker Compose

* Kubernetes

All of the frameworks are generated to share a common toolchain, so that usage is the same no matter which you choose.

## Kong API Gateway

An API Gateway is an infrastructure component designed to be the entry point to your application. 
It receives all requests from the user, performs actions like verifying their authentication, and then forwards the request to the correct microservice.

Temple makes use of the existing [Kong API Gateway](https://docs.konghq.com/2.0.x/getting-started/quickstart/) for this purpose, and automatically generates all the configuration it requires.

> The only considerations you as the user needs to make is that when you try to make requests to any of your deployed services, the requests need to be addressed to Kong's URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An API Gateway provides a single entry point into your project infrastructure, meaning it can direct requests to deployed services whether they are on a single machine or multiple machines.
To do this, requests need to be addressed to Kong's URL.
```

Temple's tooling automatically sets this URL into an environment variable called `$KONG_ENTRY`. 

As previously mentioned, Kong also handles some end-user authentication, when it's used in your project.
See the [Authentication](authentication) Guide for full details of this.

## Docker Compose

> [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/) is a tool built into the docker ecosystem for orchestrating containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/) is a tool built into the Docker ecosystem for orchestrating containers.
```

We recommend using it for local development, as running your services this way has comparatively little overhead.
However it doesn't allow for some more advanced features like automatically replicating and distributing services across different machines out of the box.

When the `dockerCompose` provider is selected, Temple generates three important files, namely:

```shell
.
├── deploy.sh
├── docker-compose.yml
└── kong
    └── configure-kong.sh
```

First, we'll talk about `docker-compose.yml`.

> This file acts to instruct Docker-Compose on how to manage your services. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file acts to instruct Docker Compose on how to manage your services. 
```

It specifies, for each service, which Docker image should be used in the container, any volume mounts, and environment variables needed.
It also defines networking, allowing certain services to speak to others (for example, only one service should be able to communicate with each database).

`kong/configure-kong.sh` is a script that is ran once the docker-compose infrastructure is running.

> It sends a series of `cURL` requests to the `Kong` API gateway which configures it to route requests it receives to the correct service, and to deal with any auth required 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It sends a series of `cURL` requests to the `Kong` API gateway which configures it to route requests it receives to the correct service, and to deal with any authentication required.
```

> (see the [Auth](authentication) Guide, and the [Kong Documentation](https://docs.konghq.com/2.0.x/getting-started/quickstart/)).

Reviewer: Authentication over just auth, as it could mean Authorisation, which isn't the same
```suggestion
(see the [Authentication](authentication) Guide, and the [Kong Documentation](https://docs.konghq.com/2.0.x/getting-started/quickstart/)).
```

> Finally the `deploy.sh` script is a shell script to automate starting your application.

Reviewer: Might be worth mentioning explicitly that this invokes the kong script

This file performs all of the steps needed to get everything running correctly, including setting the `$KONG_ENTRY` and `$KONG_ADMIN` environment variables.
In order for these variables to remain set for the remainder of your terminal session, it needs to be ran with the `source` command.

> For example, start the Docker daemon (See the [Docker docs](https://docs.docker.com/)):

Reviewer: Not sure what this step has to do with starting the Docker daemon? Should this be "Assuming you have the Docker daemon up and running, let's spin up our project:"

```shell 
❯❯❯ source deploy.sh
```

A lot of output will be presented, detailing each step of the deployment process, and any errors that occurred. 

> Verify everything worked by checking the environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify the system was configured correctly by checking the environment variables:
```

```shell
❯❯❯ echo $KONG_ENTRY 
localhost:8000

❯❯❯ echo $KONG_ADMIN
localhost:8001
```

> 

Reviewer: Can we add something along the lines of at this point you're free to make requests to `$KONG_ENTRY/api`, and explain where that API bit comes from?

Once you are finished with your infrastructure, everything can be cleanly shut down with:

```shell

> ❯❯❯ docker-compose down

Author: Might be a good idea but would be a lot of changes to generate it at this point

title: Orchestration
sidebar_label: Orchestration
---
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

> Considering how your application components are orchestrated is important as the components themselves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Orchestration provides a fundamental building block of most modern service-oriented architectures, and Temple's generated projects are no exception.
```

Reviewer: Might be also worth explaining what orchestration is?

Temple provides several industry standards methods of automatically deploying your services.

## Adding Orchestration to your Templefile

> l

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Orchestrating your project automatically requires only a single line of code in your Templefile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Orchestrating your project automatically requires only a single line of configuration in your Templefile.
```

Working from the example in the [Getting Started](../getting-started) guide:

```templefile {4}
ExampleProject: project {
  #language(go);
  #database(postgres);
  #provider(dockerCompose);
}

ExampleService: service {
  foo: string;
  bar: int;
}
```
We can see here that the Templefile features a `#provider` annotation in the project block.

> This is how we specify that our project uses orchestration, the name in the argument specifies which framework we are generating for.

Reviewer: I feel like these are kinda redundant?

The currently supported frameworks are:
* Docker Compose

> * Kubernetes

Reviewer: I think this needs to go in the introduction, and then you explain how to add it to the project

> All of the frameworks are generated to share a common toolchain, so that usage is the same no matter which you choose.

Reviewer: Hmmm they're not really, it's just we expose a deploy script that does the heavy lifting for them

> ## Kong API Gateway

Reviewer: Hmm this structure feels kinda wrong. You're talking about deployment, and then go on to talk about API gateways?

I'd personally bring Docker Compose and Kube up, then switch this after, explaining that it's used in both instances

An API Gateway provides a single entry point into your project infrastructure, meaning it can direct requests to deployed services whether they are on a single machine or multiple machines.
To do this, requests need to be addressed to Kong's URL.
Temple's tooling automatically sets this URL into an environment variable called `$KONG_ENTRY`. 

As previously mentioned, Kong also handles some end-user authentication, when it's used in your project.
See the [Authentication](authentication) Guide for full details of this.

## Docker Compose

[Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/) is a tool built into the Docker ecosystem for orchestrating containers.
We recommend using it for local development, as running your services this way has comparatively little overhead.
However it doesn't allow for some more advanced features like automatically replicating and distributing services across different machines out of the box.

When the `dockerCompose` provider is selected, Temple generates three important files, namely:

```shell
.
├── deploy.sh
├── docker-compose.yml
└── kong
    └── configure-kong.sh
```

> First, we'll talk about `docker-compose.yml`.
> This file acts to instruct Docker Compose on how to manage your services. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`docker-compose.yml` instructs Docker Compose on how to manage your services. 
```

(see the [Authentication](authentication) Guide, and the [Kong Documentation](https://docs.konghq.com/2.0.x/getting-started/quickstart/)).

Finally the `deploy.sh` script is a shell script to automate starting your application.
This file performs all of the steps needed to get everything running correctly, including runnning the `configure-kong.sh` script and setting the `$KONG_ENTRY` and `$KONG_ADMIN` environment variables.
In order for these variables to remain set for the remainder of your terminal session, it needs to be run with the `source` command.

Assuming you have the Docker daemon up and running, lets spin up our application:

```shell 
❯❯❯ source deploy.sh
```

A lot of output will be presented, detailing each step of the deployment process, and any errors that occurred. 

Verify the system was configured correctly by checking the environment variables:

```shell
❯❯❯ echo $KONG_ENTRY 
localhost:8000

❯❯❯ echo $KONG_ADMIN
localhost:8001
```

At this point, you're free to make requests to your services.

> In order to access them, address requests to Kong's ingress URL: `$KONG_ENTRY/api/{service-name}/{endpoint}` and Kong will forward the request to the right place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to access them, address requests to Kong's ingress URL: `$KONG_ENTRY/api/{service-name}/{entity-id}` and Kong will forward the request to the right place.
```

By changing the `#provider` annotation in a Templefile's project block to read `#provider(kubernetes)`, 
Temple will generate the required config to run your services in k8s. 

Changing the `example.temple` file from the [Getting Started](../getting-started) guide to use this `#provider` annotation and generating,
the configuration files generated are:

```shell
.
├── deploy.sh
├── kong
│   └── configure-kong.sh
├── kube
│   ├── deploy
│   │   ├── deploy-daemon-set.yaml
│   │   ├── deploy-replication-controller.yaml
│   │   └── deploy-service.yaml
│   ├── example-service
│   │   ├── db-deployment.yaml
│   │   ├── db-service.yaml
│   │   ├── db-storage.yaml
│   │   ├── deployment.yaml
│   │   └── service.yaml
│   └── kong
│       ├── kong-db-deployment.yaml
│       ├── kong-db-service.yaml
│       ├── kong-deployment.yaml
│       ├── kong-migration-job.yaml
│       └── kong-service.yaml
└── push-image.sh
```

As you can see, there are a lot more files generated here than for Docker Compose.

The `deploy.sh` and `configure-kong.sh` scripts serve the same purpose here as they do in the Docker Compose example, 
although the mechanisms used to achieve this are different.

> The `push-image.sh` script builds docker images from each service generated in your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `push-image.sh` script builds Docker images from each service generated in your project.
```

> Kubernetes requires all images used in your system to be hosted in a Docker [Registry](https://docs.docker.com/registry/). 
> As such, to aide in local development Temple's Kubernetes infrastructure features it's own registry, hosted in the Kubernetes cluster itself.
> This script pushes all of the built images to this registry for K8s to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Kubernetes requires all images used in your system to be hosted in a [Docker Registry](https://docs.docker.com/registry/), Temple's Kubernetes infrastructure features it's own registry, hosted in the cluster itself.
This script pushes all of the built images to this registry for K8s to use.
```

The aforementioned registry has it's configuration files in the `kube/deploy` directory.

> The rest of the `kube` directory features the configuration `yaml` files for each other service managed by Kubernetes, including Kong.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rest of the `kube` directory features the `yaml` configuration files for each other service managed by Kubernetes, including Kong.
```

> To run this example, we assume you're running a local [`minikube`](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/) cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run this example, we assume you have [`minikube`](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/) installed.
```

Reviewer: We don't want them to have it running, the script does that

> See the Kubernetes documentation for a full reference on how to deploy your services into a production environment.

Reviewer: Kinda feels redundant without some reference or something?
